update spec regarding cors (#521)
eclipse/microprofile-open-api: spec/src/main/asciidoc/microprofile-openapi-spec.asciidoc

=== Cross Origin Resource Sharing (CORS)

> The MP OpenAPI specification does not mandate but recommend vendors to support https://www.w3.org/TR/cors/[CORS]
> for the `/openapi` endpoint.  Without the CORS support, the tools such as Swagger-UI might experience some errors. 
> However, the behavior of CORS requests is implementation dependent. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The MP OpenAPI specification does not mandate but recommends vendors support https://www.w3.org/TR/cors/[CORS]
for the `/openapi` endpoint.  Without CORS support, tools such as Swagger-UI might experience some errors. 
However, the behavior of CORS requests is implementation dependent.
```
